LicenseChooser.js 0.97 by Creative Commons

This code is an example of how to integrate with the Creative Commons 
LicenseChooser.js. If you just want to see how to use it, read index.html.

For more info see http://wiki.creativecommons.org/LicenseChooser.js 
(which is a web page, not a JavaScript file)

== WARNING ==

This is just a preview!  YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON IT!

It's not even a betta, nor in beta.  It's a glimpse into the 
ever-changing future.  No warranty is provided; this software may eat 
your cat, spill your milk, and prepare your breakfast.  Or it may not.

Having said that, please try it and let us know how you like it.  If no 
one says anything, then this might become the future!

== What is LicenseChooser.js ==

LicenseChooser.js is the name of a project. It includes a JavaScript 
file hosted on creativecommons.org that displays a user interface for 
selecting a Creative Commons license.  We wrote it so that if you didn't 
want to write your own interface, you could just call ours.

We already use it in our WordPress extension, WpLicense.

For an example of how to use it, STOP READING and load index.html in 
your favorite web browser.

== Jurisdictions ==

JsWidget comes with support for different jurisdictions.  If a user of 
it wants to select a license customized for a particular country's 
copyright law, the interface will handle that properly and will 
automatically update as the international CC licenses are localized or 
updated.

== Languages ==

In this preview edition, there is only full support for US English, but 
there is partial translation support.  You can select a language with 
the ?locale= option to complete.js.  If you leave the ?locale= off, then 
the server will attempt to negotiate a language with the client with the 
Accept-Language header as per 
http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.4 .

Our language codes for ?locale= are fairly standard; when I find a 
reference for where en_US and fr come from, I'll make a note of it here.

== Style ==

We provide a sample style file that makes it look nice.  You may want to 
customize these so the form has the colors and styles your users expect.

We expect you to store this style file on your server, although if you 
need to refer to one on our servers, there is an example on the wiki 
page.

== Re-use ==

See COPYING for information on copying/reusing this work.  Basically, do 
whatever you want.

If you want to see how things work behind the scenes, look through 
http://code.creativecommons.org/svnroot/jswidget/. You are also welcome 
to host a copy yourself, though if you do, you would want to update the 
jurisdiction and translation information frequently.

== Questions and bugs ==

Ask us questions about this!  Email our development mailing list 
cc-devel@lists.ibiblio.org or find us on IRC. See 
http://wiki.creativecommons.org/Developer to see other ways to get in 
touch. (That page links to our bug tracker.)

-- Asheesh Laroia <asheesh@creativecommons.org> 2009-04-28.
